[Modules] Format the metadata.json and aligned the Name and Description for all Modules and Updated Readme (#3309)
Azure/ResourceModules: modules/event-hub/namespaces/disaster-recovery-configs/README.md

> # EventHub Namespace Disaster Recovery Configs `[Microsoft.EventHub/namespaces/disasterRecoveryConfigs]`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Event Hub Namespace Disaster Recovery Configs `[Microsoft.EventHub/namespaces/disasterRecoveryConfigs]`
```

> This module deploys an EventHub Namespace Disaster Recovery Config.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This module deploys an Event Hub Namespace Disaster Recovery Config.
```
